you want a killer headline for your
website homepage to help you drive more
sales leads and more revenue hey i'm sam
dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth show okay so i'm
going to share some examples with you in
the first instance we're going to do it
on the basis of an accountancy software
company
all right so number one option for your
homepage headline is essentially you
take the problems that people commonly
come to you with on sales conversations
over the phone email whatever the
channel
and you mix in the desired end result
that they want to get to so their goals
for the project the solution the service
whatever the heck it is you offer
so an example here is are you tired of
spending hours on microsoft excel
building accounting spreadsheets with a
question mark
that's an option number one and again
still that template put in what's
relevant to your product your service
number two is all about benefits so we
simply do x that brings y benefit so in
the accounting world we provide
accounting software to create invoices
in just seconds
or finally one of my favorites right now
is pick a fight
so pick an issue in your industry and
really double down on it
so
essentially you talk about something
that's you find really annoying perhaps
your customers find it frustrating
perhaps they're often talking to you
about the this is right in your industry
this is always a problem and they're
always trying to push this down our next
so in the accounting world that could be
is your accounting software slow and
painful run your accounts in just a
couple clicks and you can focus on
growing your business
all right let's turn the tables let's
move away from accounting and let's move
this into the digital marketing world so
let's talk about us at web choice just
to give you a different scenario
so let's take the problem-centric
headline so for us this could be you
frustrated your website isn't converting
your hard-earned visitors
into leads now this is this is something
that people come to us with a lot in
terms of problem they say look we're
spending money on our website and we're
spending money marketing it or we're
spending time marketing it but it's
failing to convert those hard-earned
visitors into sales leads
number two is focus on benefits so
on our case that could be we build
custom websites and seo strategies that
generate leads and sales as often that's
the outcome people want fresh sales
leads or inbound deals
or finally if we pick a fight
is your seo agency pushing jargon and
vanity metrics onto you
let's ditch that let's talk about
actually driving revenue and there you
have it those are three home page
headlines that you can steal use the
templates and tweak for your relevant
product or service and your industry as
always if you enjoyed the episode be
sure to hit that subscribe button and
with that i shall catch you on the next
one